# ECM1900 Tools

## Overview

The ECM1900 Tools package provides a suite of applications to assist users
of the [ECM1900](https://opalkelly.com/products/ecm1900) integration module.

These tools include:

- smartvio-ecm - An application implementing SmartVIO functionality for
the Brain-1.

- si5341-ecm - Application used to configure the clock outputs from the
Si5340 on the ECM1900.

- si5338-ecm - Application used to configure the clock outputs from the
Si5338 on the BRK1900.

### SmartVIO ECM1900 Application

The `smartvio-ecm` application is an implementation of the SmartVIO library
for the ECM1900 development board by Opal Kelly. This application
handles all communication with peripheral MCU's and the on-board power
supplies to set the appropriate VIO voltages. This application can also be
used to read/write binary DNA blob files from/to a peripheral MCU.

Usage information is available by running `smartvio -h`

### Si5341 Configuration Application

The `si5341-ecm` application applies the default clock settings for the Si5341
on the ECM1900. The default clock settings can be found in the ECM1900
[Clock Generator](https://docs.opalkelly.com/display/ECM1900/Clock+Generator)
documentation.

New clock settings can be applied by re-building this application with a new
set of registers generated by the SiLabs [ClockBuilder Pro](https://www.silabs.com/developers/clockbuilder-pro-software)
software. Simply replace the current ECM1900-Si5341-Regs.h header file with
the new header file containing the new register settings and update the
associated code.

### Si5338 Configuration Application

The `si5338-ecm` application applies a set of clock settings for the Si5338
on the BRK1900. This application works in a similar manner to the Si5341
application and can be modified with different clock settings using the same
approach.


## Building

A Makefile is provided to assist with building this design. Simply run the
"make" command on a system with the necessary development tools installed to
build all provided applications. Note that the smartvio-ecm application
requires C++ 11 support. The JSON library used by smartvio-ecm requires
GCC 4.9 or later.

Individual applications can be built by running `make <application>`.

This build has been tested on a machine running Ubuntu 16.04 LTS with
GCC 5.4.0.
